{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28900\viewh18080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf0 Summary:\
Types of Elements in HTML\
HTML Page Structure\
1. Document Declaration\
		<!DOCTYPE html>\
2. Document Scope\
		<html lang=\'93en-in\'94>\
		</html>\
\
3. HTML document comprises of 2 sections at high level\
\
		a) <head>\
		b) <body>\
\
	Head:\
	 - Head section is used to configure content which is loaded into browser cache \
	   memory and delivered to page. \
	 - It saves round-trip. \
	 - The requested content is loaded from cache every time. \
	 - If the content is static and doesn\'92t change then better to keep in head section. \
\
	Body:\
	  - It configures the content which is loaded as a result of round-trip. \
	  - The content is requested from server every time. \
	  - If content is dynamic and changes regularly then better to keep in body section. \
\
	FAQ: What is round-trip ?\
	Ans:  It is the process of requesting content every time from server. \
			\
	FAQ: How you can save round-trip?\
	Ans:  Round Trip is slow in performance, as it have to load content every time from \
			  server. \
			  We can save round-trip by caching the content. \
\

\f1\b Elements in Head Section\

\f0\b0 - You can define various elements in head section.\
- However the position of elements is not fixed for head section. \
- You can change between head and body according to requirements. \
- Typically head section comprises of \
		\
		a) title\
		b) link\
		c) meta\
		d) base\
		e) script\
		f) style\
\

\f1\b <title>\
	
\f0\b0 - It is used to display a title in browser titlebar.\
	- It is also used in bookmarking a page. \
	- It is used for SEO. [Search Engine Optimization].\
\
Syntax:\
		<!DOCTYPE html>\
		<html lang=\'93en-in\'94>\
		<head>\
		  <title> Flipkart - Online Shopping </title>\
		</head>\
		</html>\

\f1\b \
<link>\
	
\f0\b0 - It is used to link external documents with page.\
	- It includes stylesheet and favicon. \
	\
1. Open any paint tool \
2. Go to settings and set size \'9332 x 32 pixel\'94\
3. Draw image and save into project \'93images\'94 folder\
4. Name the file as \'93favicon\'94  type as \'93png | jpg\'94\
5. Go to your project in VS code and rename the file as \'93favicon.ico\'94.\
6. Link to your web page\
\
		<head>\
			<link rel=\'93shortcut icon\'94 href=\'93./public/images/favicon.ico\'94>\
		</head>\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}