{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf0 Summary:\
1. Document Declaration\
2. Document Scope\
3. Head Section\
4. Body Section \
5. Title\
6. Link\
\

\f1\b Meta Element:\

\f0\b0 	- Meta refers to meta data.\
	- Meta data is information about your page given to SEO & Browser.\
	- Meta data is required to make the page responsive and SEO friendly. \
\
Note: To test responsive design install \'93Mobile Simulator\'94 for your browser. \
		   [ Search in Google for Mobile Simulator Browser Extension ]\
\

\f2\i\b\fs60 Meta Responsive Elements:
\f3\b0\fs48 \

\f0\i0\fs70 	\
		<meta  name=\'93viewport\'94   content=\'93width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0\'94>\
		\
		a) viewport			: It refers to device screen size and orientation. \
		b) content			: It refers to page content. \
		c) initial-scale		: It refers to zoom percent. 1=100%\
\
		<meta  http-equiv=\'93refresh\'94  content=\'93n\'94>\
\
		a) refresh 			: It is to reload the current URL.\
		b) content \'93n\'94		: refers to number of seconds. [ reloads page every few seconds ]\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b\fs60 \cf0 Meta SEO Elements:
\f0\i0\b0\fs70 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		\
		<meta  charset=\'93UTF-8\'94>           \
\
		a) UTF				: Unicode Transformation Format, It is a standardization given for \
									  language used in programming and its character set. \
									\
									  English  : 8 bit memory \
									  Korean  : 16 bit memory \
									  Arabic    : 32 bit memory \
\
		<meta  name=\'93keywords\'94  content=\'93some keywords used to find your page..\'94>\
\
		a) keywords 		: A set of words used by crawler to search for relative content\
									 and match with keywords defined in your page. \
									 Response results of search depends on keywords. \
\
	   <meta name=\'93description\'94  content=\'93something about your website\'94>\
\
		b) description		: It provides a summary of page content when found in SEO. \
									  Summary is displayed in search results along with title. \
\
 Summary\
 <title>\
 <link>\
 <meta>\
 <script>\
 <style>\
 <base>\
\

\f1\b Body Element
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}