{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Summary\
- Web Page\
- Static Page\
- Dynamic Page\
- What is HTML\
- Evolution of HTML \
- Versions of HTML\
	WHATWG - HTML5\
\
												        
\f1\b Browser Architecture 
\f0\b0 \
\
- Browser is a software tool used by client to access and view resources of any web site or application. \
- Internet started with a browser called \'93Mosaic\'94. \
- Browsers follow the architecture of \'93Netscape\'94 \
- Every browser  of following components\
		\
				1. Browser UI\
				2. UI Backend \
				3. Browser Engine\
				4. Rendering Engine\
				5. JavaScript Interpreter\
				6. Networking \
				7. Data Persistence \
\
 Browser UI :		It refers to browser user interface, which include back button, reload button\
							extensions, settings etc.\
\
 UI Backend : 	It provides the logic for browser UI. You can customize the logic and UI if\
							browser is an \'93Open Source\'94 browser. \
\
 Browser Engine: It is responsible for translating HTML & CSS. \
							  Every browser have its own engine. \
		\
								Chrome	 >  V8\
								Edge		 >  Chakra\
							    Safari		 >  Webkit\
								Firefox		 >  Gecko, Spider Monkey \
\
 Rendering Engine: It is responsible for creating a layout and painting the presentation.								  Layout is the process of presenting content on page. \
\
\
 JavaScript Interpreter: It is responsible to translating JavaScript in browser. \
										JavaScript is a language used by browser for handling client\
										side interactions. \
										Interpreter is a \'93Line-by-Line\'94 translator.  \
\
 Networking		:  It is responsible for identifying the resources required for a page,\
							   locating the resources and loading the resources. \
\
 Data Persistence :  It is browser storage, every browser have its own storage where it\
								   can store the client details. \
									a) Local Storage\
									b) Session Storage \
									c) Cookie Storage \
									d) Query String\
\
												       
\f1\b HTML Parsing 
\f0\b0 \
\
Markup => Bytes => Chars => Token => Node [Elements] => DOM => Layout => Render => Paint \
\
Note: HTML is a markup language that presents content using Elements arranged in a\
		  hierarchical order known as \'93DOM\'94. [ Document Object Model ]\
\

\f1\b HTML Elements:\

\f0\b0  - HTML provides 100\'92s of elements categorized into 5 groups\
\
			1. Normal Elements\
			2. Void Elements	\
			3. RC Data Elements\
			4. Raw Text Elements \
			5. Foreign Elements\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}